CONCUR-VERIFICATION-UTT
I need to create an expense note for the first time were can I find the tool
Can you provide me with the link to Concur
Where can I access Concur?
where can I log an expense note?
hoi sophia, where can I file my team dinner expense
Hi Sophia, I need to enter an expense note. What do I need to do?
i need to access Concur for the first time, to create a claim
travel expenses
how can we refund train travel expenses?
refund travel expenses
travel expenses, how do we get them refunded?
i need to access Concur for the first time, to create a claim
access concur
open concur
link concur
URL concur
Where can I logon to Concur?
login concur
How can I get access to concur?
How to sign-up for concur.
travel expenses
how can we refund train travel expenses?
refund travel expenses
Make an purchase with concur
How can I go in concur
How to submit a train ticket
Hi Sophia, can you share me the link for expense notes reporting?
logon concur
Log into Concur Expense
Please direct me to concur portal
How can I submit my expenses in concur
How can I fill in my expense in Concur
How to activate my concur account?
Where can I find manual to create SAP ID
How can I create an SAP ID?
I need to set up my sap account
I want to submit an expense but I have no account. What do I need to do?
it says that my profile is missing the SAP vendor ID so i shall contact my system administrator
I need to create my sap account
missing vendor ID
How to create my SAP account?
set up new SAP vendor ID
your profile is missing SAP vendor ID
SAP vendor ID missing
missing SAP vendor ID
SAP vendor set up
SAP vendor error
how to set up vendor in concur?
I have no access to Nikeflow what should I do
How to create an account in nike flow
no access to nikeflow
How can I create a credit expense note?
I have an outstanding credit amount in Concur, I'm not able to create expense note for this. What should I do?
Can I create expense note in concur with a negative amount?
What do I do with an expense that is negative?
how to file a negative expense report?
how to submit a negative expense report?
how do you submit a negative expense report?
I don't have a receipt for my expense. Can you tell me what to do?
How to give proxy in CONCUR
I want to delegate my approval in Concur
set up an employee in Concur
proxy approver in Concur
How can I create Concur app to my mobile?
Is there a Concur app I can use?
concur mobile app
concur app for smartphone
I forgot my password to the concur app - can you help me?
What is a T&E expense?
What does NON T&E expenses mean?
What is the difference between T&E and non T&E?
What does the blue icon with two people in it stand for in Concur?
I want to use e-receipts in Concur - can you help me?
Which app do I need to use to capture receipts?
I want to quickly access my colleague as an attendee in Concur. Is this possible?
How to add employees in expense report
I cannot add an expense from 3 moths ago. What do I do?
I can't submit old expenses in concur
I accidentally said my card transaction was cash. How can I fix this?
How do I submit personal car mileage?
How do I submit personal car mileage?
I need to expense my plane ticket. How do I do this?
I moved to the Netherlands and now my country is incorrect in Concur. How do I change this?
I have a new Citi card. How do I add it to Concur?
I used my Citi card from Nike to pay for something personal. What do I do to fix this?
i used my citi card for personal use
personal use on citi card
used citi card for personal spend
I used my Citi card from Nike to pay for something personal. What do I do to fix this?
i used my citi card for personal use
personal use on citi card
used citi card for personal spend
I used my Citi card from Nike to pay for something personal. What do I do to fix this?
i used my citi card for personal use
personal use on citi card
used citi card for personal spend
I have a late payment fee on the card, but I paid it on time
Do I need to pay late payments fees myself?
I keep receiving emails of late payment fees, what should i do?
I have a late payment
how to create expense report for late payment fees
how to start a late payment fee
how to submit a late payment fee?
late payment fee in concur
I have a late payment fee, what caused it?
submit a late payment fee
How can I pay a late payment fee?
Late payment fees in T&E
late payment fees in concur
late payment fee in Concur
I have a late payment fee on the card, but I paid it on time
Do I need to pay late payments fees myself?
I keep receiving emails of late payment fees, what should i do?
I have a late payment
how to create expense report for late payment fees
how to start a late payment fee
how to submit a late payment fee?
late payment fee in concur
I have a late payment fee, what caused it?
submit a late payment fee
How can I pay a late payment fee?
Late payment fees in T&E
late payment fees in concur
late payment fee in Concur
Upload ticket to the concur
I need to add a meal voucher in my expense report
How can I add a document in my expense report
how can I add a receipt in concur?
Expense notes need to be paid into a different bank account number, how do I do that?
My bank account number has changed, what should I do?
What if I changing bank account
my bank account has been changed how can I add a new one?
How can i change employee bank detail in Concur
test verification
